Reviewer 1 of IROS 2017 submission 1336

Comments to the author
======================

(1) This is an interesting paper, at least from a
mathematical point of view, which discusses existence and
analysis of periodic (i.e., closed) orbits inside a
polygon. 
While the reviewer considers it interesting to discuss such
a mathematical problem, however, it is questionable that
this problem setting makes sense in real robotic
engineering. For example, it is not natural that a mobile
robot must obey the fixed, optics-like bounce rule. If this
paper suggests that the proposed method is useful for
patrolling task, more serious discussion from an
engineering viewpoint would be necessary. 

(2) The following paper dealt with a patrolling task of a
closed region by mobile robot. Nakamura et. al. suggested
to utilize chaotic orbits to (practically) cover the
two-dimensional region by one-dimensional orbit. Their
purpose is a bit different from that of the current paper,
it would be worthwhile to compare them as a survey of
patrolling tasks. 

Y. Nakamura and A. Sekiguchi, The Chaotic Mobile Robot,
IEEE Trans. on Robotics and Automation, 17(6), pp.898-904,
2001.

(3) Section IV 
\theta and \theta^{+} seem to be  used confusingly...
should all of
them be replaced by  \theta^{+}? For example, in eq. (1),
the left-hand side includes \theta^{+} while the right-hand
side includes \theta. Why?
